Update README.md (#49)
FuelLabs/sway-vscode-plugin: README.md

## Testing

> Prior to testing make sure you have [`forc`](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/latest/introduction/installation.html) installed as well.

Reviewer: Technically, a while back `forc lsp` was turned into its own binary (https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/pull/1179), so you need both `forc` and `forc-lsp` installed. Might as well say the entire Fuel toolchain needs to be installed to avoid any issues.

```suggestion
Prior to testing make sure you have [the Fuel toolchain](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/latest/introduction/installation.html) installed as well.
```
